In the last section we took a look at the next step that we're going to be building.
Let's continue now by discussing what some of the big challenges of this app are.
So we're going to try to break down what the challenges are and what we're going to really be focusing
on as we work on this application.
So there's definitely a hefty number of little challenges in here.
Again a lot of hidden complexity going on.
So we're you go kind of from left to right daily kind of from left to right.
So first off we're going to start with the log in form over here.
Now yes we've already made a log in form previously but that was a standalone re-act component that
had no basis of touching redux whatsoever.
Like you really don't have any concept of redux.
So we need to ask ourselves do we have to make changes to a log in form to suit how redux works.
You know I don't know maybe we'll decide if we have to modify or log in form at all to make it read
X friendly or if we can just leave it as is.
That's definitely a key concern.
Next our application has several different screens right.
Like you know one two three four if you want to count as motile screen over here you know those kind
of pop up as a separate screen.
So definitely different screens.
How do we navigate between them.
You know again that's that's like the big focus of this application where you spend a lot of time to
figure out how we're going to navigate around the application.
Third looking at the header here where it says employees it looks like over time we've got like a header
that says log in header that says employees and then a header that says just like Cingular employee
over here.
So the header certainly is changing over time depending on what screen we're looking at now.
Yeah that's probably not too bad right.
You know we can probably easily use that hetero tax prop on the head or that we had made previously
to change the content in there.
But well you know what she knows one thing of her tickler knows that the third panel were also showing
a back button here which presumably should take someone from looking at an individual employee back
to like the list of employees right.
Like show me go back a screen me a little list of employees over here.
So clearly some further customization of the headers required.
Now believe it or not managing that header right there in re-act native app is a little bit harder than
you'd think.
So we're going to have to spend a little bit more time to walk through the challenges there.
Fourth and this is definitely another big challenge of this application.
Each user who installs or application should have their own private list of employees right.
Like if I'm running a Subway franchise and I've got my five employees I don't want the guy who's running
Burger King across the street to also log in the app and see my list of employees.
And so we need to spend some time figuring out however we're going to persist this data how are we going
to save these employees.
We need to make sure that we've got a airtight layer of security in there.
We need to make sure that users of this application are like different users can't see each other's
employees and can't modify them in any way.
So in short we need to store this list of employees somewhere and make sure that we have really airtight
solid security around it.
All right just two more days Tim.
Bear with me.
So Fifth we need to interface with our phones device somehow to be able to send a text message as like
again.
One of the big features of this is that after a employee gets a ship set and you were just kind of imagining
they're going to work a singular day here.
We need to be able to interface with the phone bill or send a text message out.
Now this is going to be a little bit easier than you might think.
You know it's really going to be not that bad.
It's definitely one of those things where you kind of see how it's done once and say oh well OK sure
that's how you send a text message.
So will it be that challenging.
But we do have to figure it out.
Now finally last one over here we need a kind of a big full screen overlay like a modal pop up something
to prompt a user and ask them to confirm some big change or something like that.
Now our iOS and Android devices have some default confirm message messages that we could use you know
those like messages where it's like on iOS.
Certainly like whenever there's a new operating system update it says like hey do you want to update
this thing.
You know you update your version of BIOS you'll see that inside of the default modal.
I think that we can do better than that.
I think that we could probably figure out how to style like you know a very nice looking model and not
rely on the system default one whenever you got the system default one it kind of pulls the user out
of the experience of your application.
And so I think there's a lot of value to be able to customize how this pop up is going to look and really
have it suit your application.
OK.
So that's it.
That's the big challenges of our app.
You know I really like laying out these you know what the what we're going to focus on here because
essentially we're going to spend a lot of time to focus on each and every one of these different challenges
in here.
And again I think that you're really going to enjoy this application.
I had a very pleasurable time putting it together a lot of interesting lessons here.
Anyways enough hedging around.
Let's get started in the next section.